docs/Commands.md, before:

#Commands
##custom commands
###Add or manage your **AWESOME** custom commands !
Custom commands allow you to type a simple command and give a large explenation or a link without having to type a lot or searching the link.

![field explenation](pics/commands.png)

###To add custom command follow these steps:

1) Write name of command.
In name can only be: `letters, numbers, - or _`
In name can't be: spaces and all other stuff
And you don't need to write `!` at start its added automatically

2) Write text bot will say after command was told in chat.
For now bot can't do stuff like kick, give auto-role or etc...
But it is planed to add this features to custom commands.
```The advanced command plugin is a soon-to-be-released MAGIC plugin!
It will let you add some advanced commands with arguments like !your_command @someone @someoneelse
You'll also be able to trigger some actions like send_message, send_private_message, kick, add_role etc...
AND one more thing... You'll be able to share your commands in a Public Command Hub so that other server managers can use them.```

3) Now you need to press `Add` button to save command and add it to server.
To use command in chat type `!command_name` and bot will respond.

###To edit custom command

![to edit custom command](pics/commands_edit.png)

1) Edit your answer message. (you cant edit name)

2) Press `Edit` Button to save changes to command.

3) Press `Delete` button to delete (remove) command.

Commit message:

Fixed Grammar; Uniformity (#3)
Fixed most of the grammar issues and reformatted messages; Fix any more you find or I may of added.

docs/Commands.md, after:

#Commands Plugin
##Mee6 Custom Commands Plugin
###Add or Manage your **AWESOME** Custom Commands!
The Custom Commands Plugin allow you to type a simple command and give a large explanation or a link without needing to copy/paste or type a bulk response each time.  
  
![add_commands](pics/commands.png)
  
###To add custom command follow these steps:
  
**1**) Write the name you wish the command to have.  
In the command name, you can only have: `letters, numbers, - or _`  
Also you do not need to write `!` at start its added automatically.  
  
**2**) Write the return text you wish for the bot to say.  
At the current time, the bot cannot do special function; Only return messages.  
However this is planned to added as a feature to custom commands advanced.  
```The advanced command plugin is a soon-to-be-released MAGIC plugin!
It will let you add some advanced commands with arguments like !your_command @someone @someoneelse
You'll also be able to trigger some actions like send_message, send_private_message, kick, add_role etc...
AND one more thing... You'll be able to share your commands in a Public Command Hub so that other server managers can use them.```
**3**) Now you press the `Add` button to save your command and add it to your Discord Server.  
To use the command in chat, simple type `!command_name` and bot will send the response.  
  
###To edit custom command  
![edit_commands](pics/commands_edit.png)
  
If you wish to modify an existing command.  
**1**) Edit your return response. (You currently cannot change command name.)  
**2**) Press `Edit` Button to save changes to command.  
  
If you wish to remove an existing command.  
**1**) Press the `Delete` button to delete (remove) an existing command.
